update default value (#1867)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2021-11-02-microprofile-jakarta-210012-beta.adoc

[#jakarta]
== Jakarta EE 9 Beta Features package

> Open Liberty is the first vendor product to be Jakarta EE Web Profile 9.0 compatible since the 21.0.0.2-beta release. Open Liberty is also the first vendor product to be added to the link:https://jakarta.ee/compatibility/#tab-9[Jakarta EE Platform 9.0 compatability list], with the release of 21.0.0.3-beta.

Reviewer: @mbroz2 Are you sure you don't want to link to https://jakarta.ee/compatibility/#tab-9_1

Author: I think both.  The previous link needs to remain as-is because that's what's being referenced (OL being first to get 9.0 certification).  However, we should also link to 9.1 in the blog.

Author: @jhanders34 was Open Liberty also first to be added to the Jakarta EE Platform 9.1 compatibility list, or just 9.0?

Author: I'm seeing "On day one of this new release, Open Liberty is one of the vendor implementations used to ratify the specification. " referring to 9.1.  So we 'tied' for first for 9.1.

Reviewer 2: Open Liberty was one of several that published compatibility as part of the 9.1 specification being released.  As such we were tied for first with several other implementations.  You can read how I worded in in the second paragraph in this blog post:  https://openliberty.io/blog/2021/05/26/jakarta-ee-9-1-compatibility.html

Author: ```suggestion
Open Liberty is the first vendor product to be Jakarta EE Web Profile 9.0 compatible since the 21.0.0.2-beta release. Open Liberty is also the first vendor product to be added to the link:https://jakarta.ee/compatibility/#tab-9[Jakarta EE Platform 9.0 compatibility list], with the release of 21.0.0.3-beta.  That same beta release was then also used to add Open Liberty to the link:https://jakarta.ee/compatibility/#tab-9_1[Jakarta EE Platform 9.1 compatibility list].
```
@jhanders34

Reviewer 2: That sounds good to me.
